Are you a real diva or are you pretending to be a diva?
If you think I'm lying
Can I still be so calm now?
I think too
You should be real but
But what?
In fact, what kind of queen is that?
What is the name of the red covenant?
How did you do this?
But it’s a long story
When we have time in the future, we will tell you slowly. You tell me.
You want to charge my governor
How come I got to catch the ball myself?
I've already done the math for you too
Less than half a morning
Your Wushan risking the ball will bring back the Buddha’s heart.
Others let him pay
Just see him off
I can only ask them if they are not in a hurry.
I've already sent someone
Don't make any noise
What does it have to do with
Difference in work
Because of your quarrel
It doesn't matter to you
Fortunately, I'm not alone.
Who did you have a child with? I am now
Give you a chance without permission
You gave yourself an explanation
How about your immigration?